---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "autonomi_physical_port Data Source - autonomi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Datasource to retrieve a single physical port by filters.
  If zero, or more than one, port(s) are retrieved with the filters, this datasource raises an error.
---

# autonomi_physical_port (Data Source)

Datasource to retrieve a single physical port by filters.
If zero, or more than one, port(s) are retrieved with the filters, this datasource raises an error.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "autonomi_physical_port" "port" {
  most_recent = true
  filters = [
      {
        name    = "location"
        operator = "="
        values   = ["EQUINIX FR5"]
      },    {
        name    = "bandwidth"
        operator = "IN"
        values   = ["100", "500"]
      },
    ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Attributes List) List of filters: [id, name, location, bandwidth, priceMrc, priceNrc].
Operators avaiable are **=**, **IN** (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filters))
- `most_recent` (Boolean) To ensure only one hit is returned we advise to set at true
- `port` (Attributes) The **ports** attribute contains the list of physical ports available on the accountId.
Each port represents a physical-port that matches the specified search criteria. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--port))

<a id="nestedatt--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filters`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the filter among **id**, **name**, **location**, **bandwidth**, **priceMrc**, **priceNrc**
- `operator` (String) Comparison operators. You can use the following list: **=**, **IN**. **IN** will return any products which have the values you passed.
- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--port"></a>
### Nested Schema for `port`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The **account ID** associated with the physical port.
- `administrative_state` (String) The **administrative state** of the physical port.
- `available_bandwidth` (Number) The **available bandwidth** on the physical port.
- `id` (String) The **ID** of the physical port.
- `name` (String) The **name** of the physical port.
- `product` (Attributes) The **product** attribute represents details about the physical port product. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--port--product))
- `used_vlans` (List of Number) A list of **used VLANs** on the physical port.

<a id="nestedatt--port--product"></a>
### Nested Schema for `port.product`

Read-Only:

- `bandwidth` (Number) The **bandwidth** offered by the product.
- `cost_mrc` (Number) The internal **monthly recurring cost** (MRC) for the provider.
- `cost_nrc` (Number) The internal **non-recurring cost** (NRC) for the provider.
- `duration` (Number) The **duration** associated with the product.
- `location` (String) The **location** where the product is available.
- `price_mrc` (Number) The **monthly recurring cost** (MRC) of the product.
- `price_nrc` (Number) The **non-recurring cost** (NRC) of the product.
- `provider` (String) The **provider** of the product.
- `sku` (String) The **SKU** of the product.
